toys come from the dutch word for discarded rope. 
toil, toyl, toys. 
Tools are the things we use to shape the world, toys are the things we use to shape the mind probably. 
I sometimes wonder if the entirety of the Chinese semiconductor industry is propped up by vapes and small consumer electronics. It's gotta be. 
I learned the other day that you should probably be making your player controllers with as much movement bound to the root as possible. 
The Smith chart isn't that hard to understand. 
Whenever you're stuck on a statics problem always remember, the sum of all forces is 0. 
My dad used to throw something up in the air every time he'd let the dog out, the dog began to jump every time he was let outside. 
My best friend gets upset when I say, "the police man game," when he talks about, "Ready Or Not" (the police man game.) 
I think that Age of Empires is probably one of the best games ever made. 
It's better to get into using texture arrays as soon as possible in your shaders in Unity, reduce sampler load ASAP. 
Procedural generation isn't as hard as people make it out to be. 
I like really tiny things, imagine anything you can, and then imagine it tiny. I'm probably interested. 
I personally think that the only videogame publishers that will exist in the future will be Nintendo, Tencent, Nexon and Roblox; it's cooked. 
Nothing exists without reason. 
Overgeneralization in design leads to frustration and more work than you expect. 
Never, ever think MMO code is good practice; Runescape will instill awful habits in you. 
The Flemish masters are underrated. 
Good artists must be engineers. 
Your workflow is your style. 
The rules you follow predicate the fruit of your labor. 
I once met a man who worked on a bunch of movie adaptation games, we got to talking about Substance Painter, he said if it existed when he was in the industry, he would have never gotten a divorce. 
I really like to read. I hope you like reading these for what they're worth. 
Choro-Q Wonderful is the only good piece of antediluvian and postdiluvian media in the 20th century when it comes to videogames. 
Most videogames ought to not be so concerned with story, it's really just better to make a nice toy, it informs the narrative immensely. 
Van Halen is the best band ever, and I think Ted Templeman was the most talented producer to ever walk the earth. 
I think that people who harp on videogames being art are instead disrespecting the unique dignity of toys. Toys are good. 
I sometimes still struggle with bell problems from Calculus II. 
Puya) semiconductor probably makes like 60 million microprocessors a month according to GeekVape's purported sales numbers. That's insane yield. 
One of my favorite books is A Fugitive Idiot's Essays, the one about computers ruining science is pretty cool. 
I think things like Unity and Unreal are more consumer products a la something like Splice; consumer-hobbyism, getting someone to 'buy in' on their dreams. 
When everyone was getting mad at the Unity pricing rules, all I could think to myself was, "wow, they'll die before they lose their microtransactions." 
Life is good, tell your parents you love them, tell your wife or husband you love them. 
We live in the best of all possible worlds. 
Gardening is a very nice hobby. I took it up a little while back. 
My wife has the silliest laugh. 
My dad would do the home electrical without killing the breaker, he was always careful to remind me that the amps are what kill you. 
I think a lot about primitive shapes, do you ever? 
"Divorce prevention technologies and techniques." 
Oooh, baby, he so adroit widdit...
Life is sweet, think of where you've been, where you are now, and where you think you'll be. 
I made up with a friend today, a very beloved friend. I hope to remain friends with him forever. Bury hatchets when and where you can. 
This is kind of like Twitter but less cool. 
I think a lot about tropospheric ducting. 

